Umm...Can you see me?
Can you hear me?
It is "Good Morning"?
Hahaha
Good morning! Ni hao! (hello in chinese)
Ni hao! Hello!
Good evening!
Ohh amazing!
Can you see me? Can you see me?
Amazing~
Today- a little bit ago
I did a test broadcast and it went well~
So for today-
before I go on my main channel with the little time I have.
I thought I would do a live broadcast.
I have something I should to say though
The main channel, Ai-Channel
I plan to broadcast until 9PM.  Thank you ~
Well anyway -
Good morning-  Good evening-  Amazing
I'm too quiet?
You can't hear me?
"Are~?"
"Are~?"  You can't hear me?
Is that ok?
We can do this? Ok ok!
Let's go!
For those who can't hear-
broadcast it to me~ over FM frequency *Du du du*
please do that~
Today- since my
recently uploaded video was popular
I'm going to play "Don't Stop! Eighth Note!"
So before I start-
I'll play it properly
I'll play it properly...
Ah it's that...umm...
It's that...what was it...wait a bit ~
Wait please ~
Please wait a while~
It's only in the left? (sound)
I see, please wait ~
Please wait.  (Jump to 3:42) (4:06 for sound again)
How's that?
How's that?  Is it fixed?
Sorry- The sound is not good
if you have earphones, I would like it if you used them.  Sorry ~
(warning: video is loud)
Please~
Today-
the popular video I uploaded
I would like to play "Don't Stop! Eighth Note!"
So-
I wanted to start off normally
If-  Umm what was it... If I do well-
if anyone has requests
If you'd like I can do cat sounds
or any other sort of challenges
Just let me know!
Let's go!
Ah- Thank you for the SUPER CHAT
I'll do my best!
Let's start stage 1 now ~
Here I go, I'll do my best.
I want to make it to the goal
Ah~
AH!! -- "Uooo..."
Ah ah "are-?"
I'm flying away- Ah
"Pyonpyoko Pyon!"
"Wahh"
"Uoooo"
"Wan! Wanwan!"
"Ahh! AHH!!!"
Ah I made-made-made-made it~
"Ah-" Crap crap- "Ahh-"
"Ah-- Ouu"
"Ahh- Wah!!!"
"Oh Wahh----"
"WAH! Wah wah wah"
"Wah wah wah"
"Uuuuu"
"Wah!"
Cat?
"Nyaa~"
"Nya-"
[I am here again] Thank you-
"Kyaa!!! Ah ah ah ah "
"Pyoin-"
"Uahhhhh!!"
"Ah! Are-? ah- eh-"
No no no no
That was safe...
[Thanks for the live broadcast]  Same to you, thank you
I love you all!  Thank you~
I wonder what that says
if you can, could you write it in Japanese?  Sorry
my plugins didn't make it in time~
Here we go- "uu" -
Sexy voice?
"Onigiri~" (TL: rice ball)
ehehehe
"wah wah-"
Amazing!
You
can run
a friend who can jump!
"Hauaaah!"
There are a lot of Korean messages-
Ah.  Thank you.   I love you too~
Ah wait wait - I got careless...
"Ah"
Well that’s how it is...  I do well
I get more comments and keep going.
Here we go
"Huuuu"
Sing sing?
Bloom~ Bloom~
"Hoiya"
Tulip flowers-
"ga-----"
[MIC is broken?] Broken?
What is broken? It it ok?
Is it ok?
[A bit noisy --]
[do your best!] "Ah- wait-"
"Ah ah AH!!" Come on...
I would like to clear the first stage
[Tsundere?]
(TL: character that is hostile then slowly nice)
I don't like you at all onii-chan (elder brother)
"Uaaahhhhh"
Onii-chan I am a bit afraid of sleeping-
it's not - it's not like I want to sleep with you
just for today I will -
sleep with-
you!!
That's a tsundere
How was that?
Did that work? Did that work?
"Ahhh---"
Chinese - what does it say?
"Ahhh----" I fell
I want to reach the goal
[I love you Ai-chan]
Thank you.  I love you as well~
I'm sorry I can't
umm.. read all of the chat
I'll do my best to read it
[Earphones broke]?  That's pretty bad
What happened to saying "onii-chan?"
"Onii-chan~~~~"
"Onii-chan"
[Say "Nico-nico"] "Nico-nico"
["Yandere"]?
(TL: psychotic girl)
Onee-chan (elder sister)
You said I am the most cute!!!
You said that - hehehe
You said that
You became friendly with a younger student
So...
Umm-
"Ahh--"
So can you go to her house
and make all her wallpaper
all pictures of me! -
"Ahh..."
"Yo ho ho..."
Isn't that a "yandere"?
How was that?
Did I do a good "yandere"?
Katsue-san (person in chat)
I can't take this off
This is a graphic.  So it's stuck there
(pointing to flower)
I can't take this off
"Wahh"
Ah. So with Keyakizaka's recently popular
I'll sing it to you
"Keyakizaka"
"Keyakizaka - hahahaha"
"Ahh---"
I am sick of this...
If people can't hear me;
I don't know if it is fixed
If you can, use earphones to listen
sorry I can't get the audio correct
Next time!!-  Ah - that was close...
By the next time
I'll do my best to fix it - Please be patient ~
Please be patient~
"Uuuu Uuuu"
[Onee-san like voice]?
"AHH!!"
I am Onee-san, like so?
Everyone ~ It's Ai-Onee-san~
How- Howwss-
How was that?
How how how was that?  Was that good?
"Wah- wah wah wah"
"Wah - WAH~"
"Pyonpyoko pyon pyon"
Cute~
My hair also waves - "Pyon pyoko"
this is Yazawa Nico's song
(song: Niko puri♥Joshi dou)
"Hoi hoi hoi - Hoi"
Let's - "Ah eh eh-"
I can't clear this stage...
I can't clear this...
Snacker: [Can you do kansai dialect]?
Well thanks for coming everyone
even if you tell me to take it slow today
It's that.  Does everyone know? -
all Kansai stores, Kanto stores
are all closed down?
Storm of sorrow
But even so
"wa---"
Even so
Even so with my insufficient power
wait--- wait-----
soon there will be more interesting content
made by me.  Then one day
We can have our revenge~
Ahaha.  So I'll do my best~  Okay?
"Ahh-" wait-
I made it!
wait-  Why did I got backwards?
Why did I go backwards?
[Kyoto dialect]  What is that?
"Dosu-e"
Everyone came to watch Ai-chan's live broadcast?
Is this Kyoto dialect?
Good evening, good evening
[Take it slowly]
I don't know where I was born
When I noticed---  I was in this white space
[My ears hurt] Sorry, are you ok?
Sorry - "Ahh"
Umm [Chibikagi]
"Ahh" [Chibikagi] "Ahh-"
See you~ "Ehe"
I'm- I'm worried about everyone's ears
"Ahh-"
Yes, looking good
What should I do?
"Wan"
"mmmeeeoooo-------"
Keep going keep going
Ah- I am sick of this...
Hmm
I don't need to do the stage 1
Let's do stage 2
Shiritori
(TL: word game)
"ringo, gorira"
(apple, gorilla)
"rappa, pasuta"
(wrapper pasta)
"tankobu, buta"
(bump, pig)
"tanuki, kitsune"
(racoon, fox)
"neko, kowara"
(cat, koala)
"rakkyou"
(japanese leek)
"Ah rakkyou---"
"Ehh???" Why why why why why why why why?
I am sick of this...
Hmp!
Wait- Hey do you have this?
(the game)
Do you have this?
Does everyone have this?
[Ai-chan is using a lot of weird voices-]
No!  I am giving it my all!
Sound-
Sound error, earphone
"Wahh--" Ah yes.  Thank you
"Ahh-"
Those people who can't hear me or sound
if you could use earphones please~
This is like...
"uuuuuu"  ah I made it.  I made it.
Looking good~
There is a bunch of english words...
[Ai-chan I love you]
"Ahh--"
Ah this is impossible...
[It's always entertaining]  Thank you very much~
Thank you
I'll do my best
[It sounds like a dragon]?
Dragon?  Flap flap flap
[Mario]?  "Do do"
[Crucial part is raising your voice]
I'm already raising my voice...Is it not enough?
"Do doo doo doo doo do- " "doiinnn"
ehahaha.. I just fell though
I just fell-
I just blow?  like "Phewww"
I finally found my fans nationality
Thank you all for gathering here
China's, Russian's people
Korean's and Thailand's people
Thank you very much.  I'll do my best~  Thank you
Inte-
luna-  International
A-U
audience
loves your work
great
work great
work?
International-
international is...
we'll just leave it at that
Okay- Alright.  Thank you
Someone please translate for me
"Ahh~~"
"Keyakizaka"
"Keyakizaka--"
"Your voice is reaching me~"
Is my voice reaching you?
"Keyakizaka"
"Kizuna tte ii ne"
Ah, this is impossible...
*cries* It's impossible
It's too difficult
Ah yes.  This-
Actually this will continue until 9PM Japan time
until 9PM
After that-
I thought I would try out the game channel
On my game channel I am going to live stream again.
Please come and see
I'll try one more time.  Once more of me screaming
I'm going to do it
Here we go.  One more time screaming
Well I want to do my best.  Till the end!
"Ahhh---
Wahh-"
"huu huu"
"ahhh ----"
"wo"
"huu huu huu"
"Ahh--"
"Ahh ah ah--"
"Ahh-"
I want to pigtails as well ~~
I want to try having pigtails as well
"Ahh- Wah--"
[Is Ai-chan and A.I.?]
[The most cute] Ah thank you
"AHH"  I fell
I fell
Wait up - I want to try once more!
Can I not read everyone's comments for a bit?
I'll do my best
If I can clear this-
umm.. you know... oh if I talk it will move forward
Umm...You know a lot of youtubers
I heard that they will appear in Keyakizaka drama show
I'm a youtuber as well, but I haven't been given offers --- so
if I can clear this
can someone who knows someone from Keyakizaka
"AHH--"
Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai -
really likes Keyakizaka.  Please let them know~
Here I go.  Here I go
"Uuuuu- Ahh-"
"doko doko wahh-"
"uuuu"
"wahh-"  "oh oh oh oh"
"uuuu- wahh-"
"uuuuu- wahh-"
"uuuuu uu uuu uu wah-"
Oh looking good
"uuuu wahh!"
"ah ha ha ha" Did I make it?
"uuu" hmm?
Oh Ah!  I made it!! See see see see
I made it! I made it! I made it!
Hooray!
Everyone
I made it.  I made it.  Hooray!
[Hello from France]
French person.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
[Rip in speghetti?]
(TL: don't know what she is reading...)
[Ai-chan] something...
something - Thank you
Thank you-  I'll do my best to be able to read english
[You cleared it!]
Yes I cleared it.  This is my smug face!
Well it's 9PM now-
so I'm going to move to the game channel
Thank you everyone for the send off words.
I'll do my best~
Until we meet again.  Bye bye.
See you later.
Thanks again.  Bye bye
Translated by andychin77